# Software Reqs

## Vision

What is the vision of this product?

- To allow users to give their own feedback and ratings for movies.

What pain point does this project solve?

- Real opinions on movies and not professional critic reviews.

Why should we care about your product?

- Provides a new space for movie hobbyists get together and share their opinions and rate movies. Offers an impartial non snobbery non, fanatical review of films like rotten tomatoes or fandom sites

## Scope

**IN** - What will your product do
Describe the individual features that your product will do.
High overview of each. Only need to list 4-5

- Per user movie lists.

- Movie rating system.

- Display movie info with trailer, etc.

- Allow user to have a profile they can update.

**OUT** - What will your product not do.
These should be features that you will make very clear from the beginning that you will not do during development. These should be limited and very few. Pick your battles wisely. This should only be 1 or 2 things. Example: My website will never turn into an IOS or Android app.

- User will not be able to watch movies.

### MVP

An application that will allow the user to find movie info and give ratings.

### Stretch

Add TV Shows.

## Functional Reqs

1. An Admin can delete comments.
2. A User can rate, comment, favorite, like, and save for later any movie.
3. A User can search for all movies.

### Data Flow

When a user starts to use the application they have a visual of the homepage with the option to login or continue as a guest. 

Continuing on the homepage or after login the user can see the most trending movies on the homepage and see the latest conversations on those movies with images generated from our API. 

Under each movie the user has the option to comment if logged in. If the user is a guest they cannot comment under movie thumbnails. 

Each comment section has an option for Feedback/Discussion. 

Under the Feedback(default) tab information is generalized so that someone can provide basic feedback on the movie.

Under the Discussion tab users can go into more detail and interact with others fellow movie goers

If a user clicks on a movie that can be taken to a page that provides more information that is generated by the api request. 

The user can then save different features on the movie by their info being saved as a schema on our database.


## Non-Functional Reqs

1. Compatibility - We will test different browsers to ensure the product is supported.

2. Usability - After signing up they will be able to use our app to rate and comment. 
